I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The End of the Holiday
It is the last morning
of Peppa's holiday in Italy.
I'm just going for one last walk.
Going for one last swim, Mr. Pig?
Er, yes.
One last swim before I go home.
I want to stay on holiday forever.
Holidays are nice,
but they don't last forever, Peppa.
Think of all your friends
waiting for you back home.
Yes, I miss my friends.
And I miss Goldie the fish. Can I telephone Goldie?
OK, Peppa.
Granny and Grandpa Pig are looking
after Goldie the fish
while Peppa is on holiday.
Hello?
Hello, Granny. How's Goldie?
Erm, she's eating well.
I sent Goldie a postcard. Does she like it?
The postcard hasn't arrived yet,
Peppa. But I'm sure it will be here soon.
Oh! We are coming home today. See you later.
See you later.
Suzy Sheep has come to play with Peppa.
Hello, Suzy.
Hello, Granny Pig.
Is Peppa back from holiday?
Not yet, Suzy.
But she's coming back today.
Oh! Suzy is missing Peppa.
This suitcase's heavy.
Are you sure we need all this stuff, Mummy Pig?
These are import souvenirs
from our holiday.
OK!
Is everybody ready?
Yes, Daddy Pig.
Yes! Did you have a nice time?
It rained every day.
Oh, goody. That means
there'll be muddy puddles.
Peppa and Suzy love
jumping up and down in muddy puddles.
Holidays are nice.
But coming home to muddy puddles is even better.